you'll know you reach the place you want
to stay when you drive into the Elkhorn
Ridge RV Resort in Spearfish South
Dakota this place has been awesome far
above expectations the elegant
sculptures gracing the property
immediately set the tone this is a
special place year-round one that
veteran our viewers love coming down the
hill I mean it just is it's a showcase
hands down should be proud this was just
like oh my golly it's I don't know it's
a kingdom here or something you know it
was it's so beautiful when you drive in
the people were fantastic and we came
right to our spot and it was like we
were just like home it's no accident
that RV owners knees were the top of the
list when the resort was planned and
built really the state of the art
campground for this region of the United
States the staff here is committed to
high-level service they communicate with
us before we got here that communicated
as soon as we got here and there was
never it's just like pretty going you
pull it and we're in incredible service
best service we've had anywhere in the
country it's been great really nice
friendly people and not just here at the
resort but the whole area it's been
great
everyone wants to make sure you're
having a good time there's attention to
detail you'll notice the long level pull
through with extended space in between
so there's never a need to back it
around and if your coach has a trailer
there's still plenty of space
you're never granted pay breaks I'd love
to have this planners designed the
resort with multiple accounts there are
additional sewer connections as well on
each page
we can convenient for whatever size
coach or trailer you have the connection
boxes have a variety of electrical
hookups for your convenience and a
high-speed Internet cat5 jack as well
and plenty of wide open sky
for your satellite dish to get a clear
shot the amenities make it a great place
to spend a night for a few weeks you
have a large beautiful pool a hot tub to
relax away your cares an outside grills
for picnics in the gazebos there's
recreation from the basketball and
tennis courts to horseshoes even a dog
park upscale private shower and laundry
facilities are right there on the site
and if you have friends joining you who
don't have a water game they can bring
their tent or pop up there also three
clusters of modern cabbage adorned with
bronze wildlife sculptures accenting the
views as well
all the guests here will enjoy full
privileges to use the amenities too
while the RV Resort is easy to get to
just off highway 80
you'll hardly know it's there due to Pat
wisss well-planned landscape we designed
in a 12 foot tall berm fully landscaped
with sculptures so when someone's in the
campground they look out over the berm
up to Elkhorn Ridge and they don't even
see the traffic on highway 85 the
convenience store is right on the
property including a large wine and
liquor selection and gift shop all this
is earned the Elkhorn Ridge RV resort
and co-owner Deltron a coveted reward
it has been voted by two entities Good
Sam and triple-a as in the top 100 RV
resorts in the United States that's huge
and true our beers have their own inside
guide of resorts they recommend Elkhorn
Ridge made the cottage
everyone with a big coach that is really
a Bible the people that publish it will
not put you in that book until they come
and stay at your resort they will not
take your word for it because so many
people is anybody in these things knows
what it says on paper versus what it is
when you get there are always two
different things
Elkhorn Ridge Rd resort is also a
destination from which you can enjoy the
sights and recreation from Mount
Rushmore to gaming and Deadwood ten
minutes away to the delightful sights in
Spearfish Canyon and much more just as a
really nice little hub and stopping
point in the Black Hills Elkhorn Ridge
RV Resort is also the perfect place to
stay during the annual Sturgis
Motorcycle Rally every August close
enough to get there in 15 minutes
far enough away for plenty of relaxing
peace and quiet want some vacation time
on the greens
the Elkhorn Ridge Golf Club is just two
minutes down the road absolutely do
when the greens were maintained so it
looked very very professional plenty of
shopping services restaurants are less
than seven minutes away in the new
future the master plan calls for a
Regional Hospital a new shopping complex
a hotel and a host of services less than
one minute away
the Elkhorn Ridge Resort will let you
camp in luxury a temporary place to call
home that has the endorsement of those
for whom travel is year-round
when will certainly be here for several
weeks next year along with invite a lot
of our friends from Las Vegas actually
around the country call today and see
for yourself what upscale resort living
his life in the Black Hills of South
Dakota at the Elkhorn Ridge RV Resort
you